Kafka Upstream plugin (#1084)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/kafka-upstream/index.md

  - kafka-upstream
---

This plugin transforms requests into [Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) messages
in an [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) topic. For more information, see
[Kafka topics](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#intro_concepts_and_terms).

> Kong also provides a Kafka Log plugin for publishing logs to a Kafka topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} also provides a Kafka Log plugin for publishing logs to a Kafka topic.
```
